Lilliana Robinson: Gordon.
Lilliana Robinson: Okay, cool guys. So we wanna use every minute that we have with Bob. So we're gonna kick it off. We told everybody, Bob, that they needed to have read, demand side sales to be here. We also told them to prepare questions. So just so, you know where they are in their journeys. They've all completed at least one round of jobs to be done, the completed screening criteria, everything, and they presented their why, behind the y clustering exercises 2 weeks ago.
Lilliana Robinson: So now I'd love, for we have a few standouts that Neil and I have chosen that I think everyone would benefit from hearing and you guys can go at your leisure if you'd like. But Runbare Club wreck Cicada and Travaris, I'd love to start with those 4, and then, if we have time for other people to come up and ask questions, that'd be great. So the 4 of you guys, whoever wants to go ahead and raise your hand and
Lilliana Robinson: come up. Tell Bob a little bit about your company, what your screening criteria was, what insights you gathered there so that you guys can discuss implications going forward.
Lilliana Robinson: Does that sound good, Bob? Is that? Is there anything else you want them to say?
Bob Moesta: Nope, that's awesome. That's awesome.
Lilliana Robinson: Cool. Maybe mantra. Do you want to start? And then we'll go to snow and then club rack intro bars if they're there.
Mircea Gogoncea: I. I have some trouble with the Internet. Let let me go last. I'm I.
Lilliana Robinson: Okay. Snow.
Mircea Gogoncea: It will stabilize.
Snow Lee / Runbear: Hi, Bob.
Snow Lee / Runbear: I'm I'm really sorry, but it's little bit I I'm not native speaker, and I I need to learn little bit more about from other co-founders. Yeah, may I come a little bit later?
Bob Moesta: Okay.
Lilliana Robinson: Okay. Club wreck, are you here?
Ali Armour: Yeah.
Lilliana Robinson: Hallie, kick us off. Okay, tell us about your company and your Jtbd.
Ali Armour: Okay, perfect. So a little bit about club wreck. First. We are a company that works with employers who are struggling to hire applicants fast. We're a platform that combines AI scoring and matching with gig industry, expert interviewers to create a really quick turnaround time from application to interview.
Ali Armour: and effectively the gig industry. Expert interviewers are on our platform, basically just monetizing their skills and expertise to conduct interviews in their free time with the applicants who are specific to their industry. So this allows the companies to save money, time, and resources without compromising quality of the interviews themselves. So wanna kind of pause first, and just see if you had any questions.
Bob Moesta: Let me play it back to make sure I got it is like, you, you help employers basically get to interview faster by actually having third party people interview them, record it and basically summarize it. So they can actually screen faster and get to basically
Bob Moesta: that interview as fast as possible.
Ali Armour: You got it, Bob? And just one more thing layering in the the buzzword of the past couple of years. Ai. So we're also utilizing AI wherever possible.
Bob Moesta: You're summarizing each of the interviews via AI to basically to match to the points of whatever they're looking for. So it's like, take the job description basically, and map it to it and and describe a fit of that person to the job.
Ali Armour: Exactly. Yeah. So that fit process happens first, and then let's say you have a thousand people apply, as you often do, and you, you know. Submit a job posting to indeed. The AI would score everyone's job description compared to the resume. And you'd be able to say, Okay, I want anyone with a score of 85 or above, for example, to be interviewed.
Bob Moesta: Got it. Okay.
Bob Moesta: cool. And is it up and running.
Ali Armour: We're close. We're right now doing it in a very manual sense off platform. So we're conducting the interviews over zoom the platform right now. We're just tackling bugs to make sure that it's like fully functional. We've been testing for probably the past 3 weeks. So we're really close. We're in the home stretch and getting it.
Bob Moesta: Are you building your own ll lab? Then out of this? Is that what you're doing.
Ali Armour: Are we building? Sorry? A. What!
Bob Moesta: Large language model to basically do the AI part? Or is it? Is it? Is it? Literally you're not building your own your your own language, large language, model.
Ali Armour: Yeah, I would love to do natural language processing. But we're.
Bob Moesta: You're not.
Ali Armour: We're we're a team of 4. And you need a lot of inputs to get the right outputs there. So we're effectively chat ubt, wrapping, at least at this point in time.
Bob Moesta: Thank you. Okay, cool. And what's it cost? Or do you not have costing yet?
Ali Armour: Yeah. So we have preliminary cost. We've been getting some feedback that is too cheap. I, personally am of the implication that I'd rather it be cheap because we're just, we're. It's Mvp. Right? We're not. We're not a great product at this point in time. So I'd rather be cheap. Get the customer learnings, and then, as we make it better, then we could potentially increase our cost. But the way that it works is so we have 3 tiers of pricing at the moment based off of the level
Ali Armour: of the role. So if you're trying to hire like director level and above, for example, you're gonna need an interviewer who's more qualified to do those interviews as opposed. If you're trying to hire, let's say a new chef at a cafeteria at a public school, for example. Right? So the highest tier is a dollar 50 per minute for those like director level above mid manager is a minute, a dollar minute. Excuse me. And then those lower level roles are 50 cents
Ali Armour: per minute. And again, you can basically pick, like, you know, 20 min interview 30, 45, or 60 again, mostly, is gonna correlate to the level of the role.
Bob Moesta: Got it.
Bob Moesta: Okay.
Bob Moesta: okay, good.
Bob Moesta: How are you? How did your interviews go.
Ali Armour: They went. Well, we originally
Ali Armour: had the wrong screening criteria, and we conducted, I think, 3 or 4 interviews with that, and then came to the realization with a lot of help from Kate.
Bob Moesta: Rest of the group. And again, just so, you know that the sometimes these these kind of errors actually are really good learning lessons. And so I wanna make sure that the team understands what what you mean by you had the wrong screening criteria, what? What was wrong with it, and why.
Bob Moesta: you know, what what did you do to fix it.
Ali Armour: I feel like I'm in a jobs to be done. Interview right now. You're like digging in on the details. Details. Matter?
Bob Moesta: I can't help myself. I'm sorry.
Ali Armour: No, it's good interview technique. So we conducted. I think it was like 4 interviews with the criteria around people who had recently on boarded or switched to a new Ats applicant tracking system.
Ali Armour: and we
Ali Armour: also, we're looking at like people who are kind of like Hr consultants. And so there were 2 issues. With that. The first was.
Ali Armour: our system isn't necessarily an applicant tracking system like, could we be that in 10 years? Yes, but we were looking more.
Ali Armour: We change the screening criteria specifically to to look for companies who had hired a Hr recruiting consultant or a new Hr recruiter specifically from an Ats. And the reason we did that is because again, we're not an Ats, but also we wanted somebody who, like felt the burden of hiring, and that they couldn't do it themselves, and therefore they had to like outsource that like role or function to another person.
Bob Moesta: Right? So part of this is is screening people who don't have any system and and hire out salespeople to say like, Okay, let me, how do I compete with us? Going from 0 to one? It's not the people who have an A Ats to switch to yours or to switch to a different one.
Ali Armour: Yup, Yup, and so yeah, we changed that. And then we changed it to trying to find, like the business owner or the primary person who actually like hired that outside recruiter outside recruiting agency was really making the decisions.
Bob Moesta: But let me just tell the aggressor why, I think that's an important switch, right?
Bob Moesta: What? What? What you're really going after is what I call non consumption, people who want help, but don't know how even how to get it. And so they're literally looking at these other things, where, if you're looking at people who already have an A An Ats and want to switch. It's kind of an incremental kind of like, help me improve what I'm already doing where the the other one is literally like, I don't have anything. Help me just get started. And so those those tend to be people
Bob Moesta: tend to be a little bit cheaper. But ultimately the fact is, is, you're gonna learn a lot about it and think about the not what we call non consumption. How many people want ats, but actually don't know how to get one.
Bob Moesta: And that actually is probably a really big number where how many people have an Ats and want to get a better one. That's probably not a big number.
Bob Moesta: right? So I I think that's a really good shift in terms of recruiting, and also probably very different types of insights. You you would get doing interviews on people who don't have an Ats moving to an Ats versus having an ats and and upgrading.
Ali Armour: Yeah, and big shout out to Kate, from the techstars team who helped us make those shifts because it became very clear in our first couple of interviews that we just we weren't hitting on the right cohort of people. And it would have been detrimental to our insights if we had kept going along that route.
Bob Moesta: And did you find people who like were responsible for the hire or responsible for basically
Bob Moesta: responsible for the process of recruiting.
Ali Armour: Because of recruiting. So I mean, sometimes they were making the hires themselves, but oftentimes they were the one like deciding. Okay, we need to hire an outside agency, for example, where we need to hire a recruiter to help us.
Bob Moesta: And is there a specific vertical that you're looking at? Or is this as broad as possible?
Ali Armour: It's broad we through jobs to be done and talking with. Our mentors, have kind of honed in on 2 really
Ali Armour: meeting cohorts that I think we want to tackle from a sales perspective where this problem fits
Ali Armour: their needs. So the 2 that we've identified it kind of came through this, but it didn't necessarily wasn't necessarily people we targeted for the interviews originally is, you know, startups who are maybe their series. A series B, they have a boatload of money in the bank. They need to scale, and they therefore need to like hire a ton of people in order to hit the goals, to then get to the next series. So that's that's subset one and then subset 2 was those like.
Ali Armour: really, we call them evergreen roles where they're like typically lower level. And they're very high churn. So you can think of, we're working with Dhl express, right? Like drivers, operations people we're working with Southwest convenience
Ali Armour: culinary, which does cafeteria workers for public schools. Right? So these roles were like, there's a lot of rules open. People are constantly shifting in and out and it's not necessarily a super high skill set where, like anyone could interview them, and you can generally tell whether or not they're a good fit within the first, like 20 min of a conversation.
Bob Moesta: Got. And and do you have any early reads on, whether.
Bob Moesta: like the the more evergreen roles is, is kind of better for the technology or the series. A series B kind of like scaling is, or is it? Is it good for both.
Ali Armour: I think it could be good for both. We're trying to beta test with both users. But what I'm trying to figure out also is the sales cycle. So the sales cycle, I would presume, with these, like bigger companies that have higher turn is going to be longer, just because they're like slow moving companies versus the startups are like, all right, like, let's go. We trust you. You know, you're a tech based company. We're a tech based company like we're a startup. Let's be fast. There's less red tape, too, in terms of who.
Bob Moesta: Oh!
Ali Armour: Can actually approve it.
Bob Moesta: I'd like to. I'd like to debate that a little bit because I think series A is they? They typically will not have a Hr, or if they do, it's very unsophisticated Hr, and so what's gonna happen is is they're they're gonna be doing so many other things that it actually might be slower to do a series. A. Because, though it's a priority, they're still building, they're still doing all these other things where the evergreen is. Literally, it's an ongoing problem, and they have open roles like.
Bob Moesta: I was just at a company where they had 24 open roles for the last 18 months, and I'm like.
Ali Armour: Tell them to come to us.
Bob Moesta: But that's what I'm saying is that those people they don't know what how to fix it. And they they it might move a little slower. But but if you find people who have very large open roles that they can't fill, typically what you're gonna find is that the job descriptions suck.
Bob Moesta: Right. And so what happens is, people don't know what they are. And so you might actually have to help them write a better job description before you actually do your interviews.
Ali Armour: Yeah. Yeah. Bart has brought.
Bob Moesta: There's.
Ali Armour: And we were.
Bob Moesta: The way they write it. It's like shit. I don't want to do that job right, and.
Ali Armour: And your matching your matching in our algorithm would also be wrong.
Bob Moesta: Exactly so. So one of so I've just finished a book on
Bob Moesta: studying why people move from one company to another, and what I'll tell you, is but the one of the big Haas I had out of it is the job. Descriptions are made up.
Bob Moesta: They are literally a wish list of what you want people to do, especially the shitty jobs the shitty jobs are like, oh, they can get us coffee, and they can do this, and they can do that. And you start to realize, like, you're just making a list of things, and no human being can fit into that job.
Bob Moesta: And so part of it is describe. It's almost like the thing that I would suggest is to think about how you actually talk about how well they fit, but also where their gaps are, because they can actually redesign the job position. So that, like again, I think the trend is, gonna be redefining the work to fit the people as opposed to trying to find the people to fit the job.
Ali Armour: Got it okay? And then, like, from, I'm putting my product hat on. How could we help them write better job descriptions? In the first place, using AI so that then, therefore you get better matches. You get better interviews, get better hiring.
Bob Moesta: Example is, what the hell does 5 years experience mean
Bob Moesta: like like, if if I have somebody who has 2 years experience and they have all. If you can unpack what 5 years experience means, I don't necessarily have to have 5 years experience anymore.
Bob Moesta: Right? And so this is where people just end up making like like, if you literally go through the job description, and you literally go like, why do you have this? What's it about? And I help them unpack it. That will actually have a huge impact on being able to. The. It's one of the reasons why they can't fill those positions.
Ali Armour: And then and then you get like, okay, someone with 4 years experience who's like do I even bother applying to this job, if it was 4 years of really great experience, you could be more qualified than somebody who exists.
Bob Moesta: That's right. So this is where I try to make sure that the job description doesn't actually have
Bob Moesta: like a time based like, like in some cases like they have a college degree. Well, what do we want them to have? What kind of experience you want them to have to say? They have a college degree, because part of it is proving that they can learn, and they can get through and get a degree. But they might have been able to improve that in 4 other ways besides going to college.
Bob Moesta: Right? So this is this is where you start to realize, like you're you're trying, and what I would say is, most of the jobs that are on this evergreen side aren't college degrees, but they put a college degree on it.
Bob Moesta: Hmm, yeah, well.
Bob Moesta: that's good. Yeah.
Ali Armour: We're also thinking like, how can we mitigate bias in the hiring process, you know, in inherently
Ali Armour: bias comes up when you're hiring whether you're trying to hire.
Ali Armour: subconsciously or consciously, you know, like minded people, similar backgrounds to you, similar ethnicities and things of that nature. So we're trying to also think, how can we utilize AI to make sure the job description doesn't use words, for example, that more are more geared towards like a masculine audience versus a feminine audience. For example.
Bob Moesta: But I think the fact is that you have to realise it is a biased system. You're trying to choose
Bob Moesta: one person or a set of people out of another group. So it has to have a bias. You just want to make sure the bias is fair.
Ali Armour: Yeah, and merit merit based.
Bob Moesta: And merit, and so and and outcome based. And so this is where you. This is. Why, if you get the job description to outcomes, you actually make it less biased.
Ali Armour: Got it. Okay? Alright to jump quickly into, just like we have 3 cohort. If this is helpful, can I talk to you about our 3 cohorts that we clusters. Excuse me.
Ali Armour: So the first cluster that we have, I can actually just share my screen here.
Bob Moesta: I say, can you share your screen? That would help me.
Ali Armour: All right.
Ali Armour: Can everyone see that? Is it? Full screen.
Lilliana Robinson: Sam.
Ali Armour: Alright great! So the first cluster that we have is my team is going to leave me. This one, I think, is the strongest, and came through the most frequently where people are just really stressed. And it's an emotional time, and either the recruiters themselves or the people who manage that are managing the open roles.
Ali Armour: They're just getting really burned out and overwhelmed from just like this year volume that's needed. And as a result, they're not hitting their hiring goals. So our Jd Jtbd statement here is when I have recruiters getting overwhelmed and over burden. I want to alleviate their stress and bring on additional hiring support, so that I can avoid attrition while still hitting our hiring goals.
Bob Moesta: Got it. And so my team is going to, is it? Is it my team is leaving me, or they're going like, is this a fear? Or is this a reality.
Ali Armour: It was, I mean, mostly what we heard was was fear. Some of them were grounded. In reality. I think a lot of people also will like.
Ali Armour: This is probably me speaking a little anecdotally here, but like we'll make threats of like I'm sober doubt I'm gonna leave, and that then, just like amplifies the anxiety overall. You will naturally have attrition, and this might be a a reason for it. But I think people's reasons for leaving companies is not necessarily just one thing.
Bob Moesta: So. So one of the things I will tell you is that the reality is worth probably 10 times the fear
Bob Moesta: so meaning people might pay enough because of the fear. But they'll pay 10 times more if it's happening.
Bob Moesta: And so, instead of saying my team when my team is going to leave me. It's when my team is started to.
Ali Armour: Is leaving me.
Bob Moesta: Yeah is leaving me. And so that all of a sudden it's like, Oh, my God, that's it! And it. And it already covers the fact of like could be, because they feel like, Oh, my God, they're gonna leave! It's like they are leaving me like it's it's it's already built in it. But the notion is is when it really happens is when they're willing to pay more.
Bob Moesta: This is where value is actually con contextual. And we have to realize like at some point. Some people will will vary this, but they might only pay a hundred bucks for it, but they'll pay 500 bucks or a thousand bucks to actually get it to stop.
Ali Armour: and then, yeah, we, I mean it. It's we have some competitors out there, indeed for example indeed, hiring, is probably our biggest competitor, though they're pretty small. Still, they are charging thousands of dollars per interview. So
Ali Armour: they've kind of hit on that. What you're saying is like people are willing to pay up.
Bob Moesta: That's right. The other thing is is, if it's too cheap, they don't think it's good enough.
Bob Moesta: That's the other thing you have to. You have some quality, because I'm worried that you're pricing it like the supply side, which is so much an hour, so much a minute.
Bob Moesta: And they just want to know, like it's 60 bucks, like my belief is to estimate it to be 20 and just over overdo it, because they'll say 100 bucks. They'll do it for 100 bucks.
Bob Moesta: but to to make it variable. Then all of a sudden, they feel like it's some some form of risk they have. And so you might test the fact that you actually look at the like.
Bob Moesta: selling it as a as a fixed fee on the high, as opposed to being kind of a per minute basis.
Ali Armour: So would you do it? A fixed fee per role, or like a fixed fee, just to use the platform in general.
Bob Moesta: I think I would think about the
Bob Moesta: the role. So it's almost like I would actually have a fee for basically using the platform. And then a fixed fee, then a fee for basically the different roles. Because you you're recruiting people to pay for it and say, like for us to get the right people to do this. This is gonna be that much.
Bob Moesta: because if if they like.
Bob Moesta: the other thing is to think about the math that they're doing. How are they actually calculating? The value of this thing is this, is this by the value of their time? Is this the value of the open role. Is this the value of paying a recruiter like, where where's the reference point of what? Where's the value come from? Do you know what I mean?
Ali Armour: Yeah. So we found that the
Ali Armour: for those who use recruiters typically, you're paying a recruiter anywhere between 15 and 30 of the roles annual salary, which is a wild amount, especially if you, you know, get to those director level roles or above. So there is variability in that pricing model which is kind of what informed our idea to have variability as well.
Ali Armour: Yep.
Bob Moesta: And so again, I would make that a reference point
Bob Moesta: to basically say, there are people out there. This. You pay this much to do it like we can help you recruit. The thing is is they have to do more work than just the recruiting right? Cause. It's it's like you're gonna build it up. But they still have to make the decisions along the way versus a recruiter is gonna basically bring the best one forward.
Ali Armour: Correct. Yeah. And also, we're just really doing like that top of the funnel right once they get through the AI matching and the first interview, like it's still on you and your team to make those final interviews and and final hires, and, you know, submit offers and do the reference checks and all that. So we're really just the sliver of the process.
Bob Moesta: I think the other thing that I and this is just me recommending, but I feel like if I was to recommend, I would tell you to go after the evergreen roles first, because they're they're they're they're struggling with it. They don't know how to do it. My belief is, there's a lot of P up people up in the series. A series B thing, but once you show how it works and show that they it's almost a little bit of a dye. You can do it yourself, but we're gonna give you the supplements to do it. So you don't have to pay, you know, 3 months salary to do it. You can pay this much to do it.
Bob Moesta: So I think that that but having the case study around the evergreen people is actually gonna help both. And I think that you're gonna spend way more time in the series. A series B, trying to crack it where I think if you wanna get traction getting traction on this evergreen because no think of it this way. Nobody wants to do those recruits.
Bob Moesta: and so if you can take that off their plate, they're willing to pay some good dollars, especially if you can get make progress with it, and then they'll help you innovate to the upside of directors and other people.
Ali Armour: Yeah, there's also just a bigger pool. One of our mentors specifically said, like, how many series a series B companies are there right now like not that that many. So your pool of potential customers is much smaller, whereas the evergreen roles, you know, there's a ton of huge companies that are constantly hiring.
Bob Moesta: And and recruit. The the other part is to realize recruiters really don't like to do that level like this is the recruit you give the the new recruiter the evergreen jobs, because it's like that's the place where they can cut their teeth. It's probably another reason why they suck at it
Bob Moesta: right.
Ali Armour: Just so time intensive. You get that for those type of roles you're getting thousands and thousands of applicants.
Bob Moesta: That's why that's why I think going to this notion of being able to go to the evergreen roles. Because it's it's just a harder problem. But once you solve it, the other ones actually become easier.
Ali Armour: Hmm.
Ali Armour: that makes sense. And from a revenue perspective. Also, I think the opportunity size there is bigger.
Bob Moesta: Yeah, but there might be more money in the director level one. But I would I again. I always like to start at the low end of the market and go up, because at some point it's very hard to start at the high end of the market and go down.
Ali Armour: Them.
Lilliana Robinson: A ally. Do you have any final questions before we move on.
Ali Armour: that my last question is, so we're obviously going through. We just went through jobs to be done. How frequently.
Bob Moesta: The other one quick. You just show me the other one quick.
Bob Moesta: Yeah.
Bob Moesta: okay.
Ali Armour: Recruiters are seen as incompetent. So they're pulling in people from other teams like, you know, highly paid engineers, for example, to do engineering interviews versus the engineering work that they're being paid.
Bob Moesta: That's that's a big one.
Bob Moesta: I don't. I wouldn't call this as my my recruiters are seen as incompetent. It's more. The fact this is, I would put this as is, it's costing us too much in time and productivity to actually get the interviews done
Bob Moesta: right.
Ali Armour: Yeah, yeah.
Bob Moesta: This is the.
Ali Armour: Anyway, from the business.
Bob Moesta: A/C, this is actually so the way they're gonna feel this is a productivity loss and and and missing deadlines because they don't have the people and the and the people that that are doing the work need to interview the people.
Bob Moesta: And this is a big. This, I can tell you, is a big is a like a big Aha, because nobody thinks about it that way. They just start to recruit. And then they don't realize kind of the the implications of like, yeah, when I'm interviewing, I'm not coding. It's like holy shit.
Ali Armour: And then quickly. The last one, which I think is the least strong, but is still really important is this idea of recruiting being the face of the company, and not wanting to leave a bad taste in Canada's mouth, whether they're hired or not, because you never know when that will come full circle, and you wanna keep your company's reputation intact.
Bob Moesta: Yeah.
Bob Moesta: yeah, I I I would ignore this one right now. It feels it feels very
Bob Moesta: The other ones seem very, very tangible.
Bob Moesta: This one. This one is like an aspirational one, but I don't feel like people will buy it for the aspiration they'll buy it for only when they've when they've left a bad reputation already. So it's a clean up problem more than it is
Bob Moesta: anything else.
Ali Armour: Yeah, more reactive.
Bob Moesta: Yeah, but I think.
Ali Armour: Great.
Bob Moesta: Are very viable, and look like those those feel right from my experience in the space.
Ali Armour: Perfect, and I don't wanna have too much time. But my last question is, how often should we be like refreshing this? I obviously want to continue to interview all of our Beta partners. But what what's a good cadence to continue to do? Research like this as you go through.
Bob Moesta: So my thing is is typically what I'll do is I'll I'll take the jobs and I'll end up having it be part of the onboarding process to basically say, Why are you here? And ultimately, that they can either self select, or we can actually think about the pushes and pulls that they are going through that say which job they're in to see if there's a new job. But typically, like most companies are not doing that they're doing this like once, and there's enough insight out of it that they can work for 2412 to 24 months before they have to repeat.
Bob Moesta: Now there might be some ongoing
Bob Moesta: survey. You might do on the like, I said, on the incoming or on the outgoing, but for the most part like. I don't think you have to redo the interviews, because as long as you got the language you're good.
Ali Armour: Okay. Awesome. Alright.
Bob Moesta: And thank
Bob Moesta: the language doesn't change much over time. It it it does like like base camp language changed from 2,010 to 2,015, but it was 5 years of change, because then you had Asana and and Trello and all these other people in the market. But when there weren't so many people in the market. They all have the same language. You don't have to do it that much.
Ali Armour: Alright. Okay, this was very helpful. Thank you so much, Bob. Appreciate it.
Bob Moesta: Thank you.
Lilliana Robinson: Thanks for going first. Ally. Okay, the next standout. I want to go before we open it up to the group. We have 2 more that I've chosen Jlo from Travaris is gonna go next, followed by Mirchem.
Jennifer Loh: Hi! Bob!
Bob Moesta: Hi.
Jennifer Loh: Great to meet you. Thanks for making time for us.
Lilliana Robinson: I'm trying to spotlight you, Jayla. I can't see you. Where are you? There we go. Okay. Here, Bob. Now you can see.
Bob Moesta: Oh, that perfect! Thank you!
Jennifer Loh: Oh, Whoa, okay, here we go.
Jennifer Loh: Awesome. So Travaris is a regenerative travel platform. So for conscious travelers looking to book more immersive experiences. Travaris basically makes it easier for travelers to find and book off the beaten path. Travel? That's good for people on planet.
Bob Moesta: Yep.
Jennifer Loh: We partner with local travel operators like hotels, bed and breakfast tour operators that are either lead certified, or B Corp certified. So on, so forth. And then we're also through our Jtbd interviews, realizing that we need people are really seeking these like immersive cultural experiences. So we're also working on acquiring
Jennifer Loh: really unique, exclusive inventory to Chavaras. That is like deeply cultural to that specific place. So we actually just launched our pilot in Hawaii, and have 25 lead certified hotels as well as around 89
Jennifer Loh: tours and activities. And then we're working on getting some exclusive, unique inventory online in the next week or so.
Bob Moesta: Okay,
Bob Moesta: So
Bob Moesta: wait. But.
Jennifer Loh: We learned a lot through through the demand side.
Bob Moesta: Yeah, yeah. So tell me what you learned on the interviews. Tell me what you learned on the interviews.
Jennifer Loh: My gosh, okay. So originally.
Bob Moesta: Top 2 or 3, you know.
Jennifer Loh: So originally, we thought that people really cared about sustainable travel, which they do like everybody we talked to does but we realized through the interview process that
Jennifer Loh: basically sustainability is a validator and not a motivator.
Jennifer Loh: And so when we started hearing the language that people were using, it is in it inadvertently sustainable. But it's more so like
Jennifer Loh: layman's terms. So I wanna support local businesses. I wanna book cultural experiences. I wanna go off the beaten path. I want the hidden gems.
Jennifer Loh: And then people would say, anyways, these tend to be, you know, environmentally conscious places. Anyways. The big learning for us is the language that people use. And then the other thing is
Jennifer Loh: we we found 3 subgroups or clusters within our within our interview process that really kind of like helped us segment out
Jennifer Loh: our travelers into groups that we think that we can target. So like the most high end, one was basically cluster one, which is I care about. I pay pay people to care about the things that I care about. So these are like people that would spend, you know, thousands and thousands of dollars to stay at a
Jennifer Loh: regenerative Spa in the middle of nowhere. And then there was like a second cluster that was more around
Jennifer Loh: identity. So I don't want to be that American
Jennifer Loh: tourists and they really deeply care about by that identity like not wanting to be grouped into these like American tourists that go on these big bus tours and follow the red flags.
Bob Moesta: They don't know what they just to be clear. They don't know what they want to be, but they know what they don't want to be.
Jennifer Loh: Correct. They know that they don't. Wanna be that.
Bob Moesta: They don't wanna be the loud, you know, kind of like they they wanna they wanna blend in. They wanna they want. They wanna be able to speak the language. Enough that they basically feel like it's it's like people won't mistake them for being a tourist.
Jennifer Loh: Ex exactly like. See someone. One of one of the tourists goes so far as like the first thing that she does is go to a local boutique shop, buy some clothes, and then so she can just
Jennifer Loh: fit right in when she gets there. That's the first thing she does and then the last cluster was off the beaten path travelers. And then we broke this out into 3 subgroups, because essentially these are all, you know, travelers that really care about going the opposite way. So they avoid the tourist traps. They don't go to the top attractions. They rather, you know, go to a hidden gem that takes them a day to hike there. And these are travelers
Jennifer Loh: we found. There's they're basically like travelers with adult commitments. And so one is, they have kids now. And so they still really long to travel off the beaten path. But now they have kids. And so they kind of just revert to whatever's easiest, which is Costco travel surprisingly enough. The second sub group is the adult commitments with kids, but they still want to do the off the beaten path travel. So they do. They do both. So they'll do Costco travel plus offbeat path.
Jennifer Loh: And the last one is basically, these offbeat and path travelers that have adult commitments don't have kids. And so they're willing to pay for essentially getting off the beaten path. And so this is a sub group that we're we're actually targeting now. Because these are people that have not necessarily booked travel agent because they have a deep mistrust for travel agents. They don't trust expedia. They don't trust trip advisors top 10 list but they'll like pay a local.
Jennifer Loh: you know, 2 $300 to help them come recommendations. And so that's kind of where we're at right now.
Bob Moesta: One of the interesting things, and I would say, I'm glad you you heard it, but like the the notion of a trap. So I've done these interviews as well, and one of the things you find is like people. I remember this very vivid interview of somebody going like, like, I just want somebody to help me organize and figure out where we wanna go. What we wanna do. I'm like, oh, so you wanna travel agent? No, no, no, I don't. Wanna travel.
Jennifer Loh: Yeah. Oh.
Bob Moesta: Okay. So and then tell more. I'm like, Okay, what's wrong with the travel agent? It's like the travel agent is just the the person getting on the phone and calling, I want somebody who's gonna be responsible for me. And so you start to realize, like, at some point like when there's a problem they want somebody to call. They wanna be able to figure out kind of what to do. And so the like. The travel agent is literally like everybody says they. They don't want a travel agent, but everybody wants a travel agent. It's literally the greatest like. It's a weird dichotomy.
Jennifer Loh: Weird.
Bob Moesta: It's it's but it's it represents an opportunity. But but there's like landmines in the middle of it, because the language that you use they're gonna oh, you're a travel agent. Yeah, I don't want you. And you're like, no, no, no, I'm not a travel agent. So you really have.
Jennifer Loh: I see.
Bob Moesta: This creates the opportunity to have a really your own category, which is actually kinda cool. But at some point like so, for example, the work that I've done in in vacations is so part of the satisfaction people get is by figuring it out themselves. So think of it as you do it for them. They are robbed of the ability to go like I figured this out.
Bob Moesta: and so think of it as almost you trying to actually help them figure it out, but they're still going to take the credit.
Jennifer Loh: Right.
Bob Moesta: Right. We heard that.
Jennifer Loh: Definitely.
Bob Moesta: Yeah. The other thing to realize is that in the travel business.
Bob Moesta: like like 25%, most of the people who go on vacation. Just follow somebody else who set it up. There's so it's literally like 20 to 25% of the market is the people who actually who decide where they're gonna go. And then everybody else follows.
Bob Moesta: And so you gotta actually look at the people who actually do the planning and or do the do the choosing because it gets back to is like, am I doing this for us? Am I doing it for me? Am I doing it to get together with old friends. Am I doing this to actually build a relationship? There's a whole bunch of dynamics around that, and that then determines what what they can
Bob Moesta: what they wanna do right? And so my my belief is that the first question, although the reason why people don't like expedia, and you know, booking and everything else is. The first question they ask is, where? But the first question they should be asking is, why.
Jennifer Loh: Yes.
Bob Moesta: Right. And so if you start with, why, you'll win the game. Because at some point most people who plan something new
Bob Moesta: need to actually have a way in which to capture that. What are the things? It's not what they wanna do. But what are the outcomes that they want from the vacation on their flight home. How do they wanna feel and ultimately work backwards as opposed to? Hey? We could go to Hawaii, and in Hawaii you could do this and this and this, and ultimately you'll feel this way. So they they build the trip from what I call left to right. But if you can build the trip from right to left, meaning from the outcome back to what the
Bob Moesta: activities are. You could go to Des Moines, Iowa, and still have a very great vacation.
Jennifer Loh: Totally. Totally. Wow! You hit the nail on the head, I mean, that's ultimately like what we found. And you know we originally. I don't know if you like. You've
Jennifer Loh: heard about our our company. But originally we were gonna be just a regenerative travel platform, and we're like, Wait. People don't know what that is, and and people want to have someone there for them to call. And so through this whole Jtbd process, and through our you know our insights. We we created a a secondary
Jennifer Loh: service called a local companion because ultimately, what we realize is that people want to be able to just call a friend who's been there to be like yo? Is this the right place to go? And so right now, for our first 10 customers that we're trying to target?
Jennifer Loh: We're basically they're getting me. They're getting a local expert to text to be like, is this the best restaurant to go to right now, or you know, we're on our baby moon, and we wanna go to an easy hike. What do you suggest? And being able to just kind of text a local friend on the go and and have those like last minute interactions. And so.
Bob Moesta: Have you seen there? There's a couple of people who built it, and I don't even know if they still exist. But there was one around like, you know my second cousin, or my like, you know, something where it literally got you local people who are willing to sign up and and literally give you tell you where to go when you're in a place.
Jennifer Loh: Okay. So there are like local expert platforms, like, there's like tours by local. But it's extremely expensive.
Bob Moesta: Yeah. Yeah.
Jennifer Loh: This is also what we found is like, they almost kind of end up being like travel agents where you book it. And it's 2, $3,000 for, like the full day.
Bob Moesta: Yep.
Jennifer Loh: And no, yeah.
Bob Moesta: What I'm thinking about is where people basically
Bob Moesta: go and talk about like, oh, if I want to, if I want to hit the club circuit. It's like, like, here's here, it's almost like a persona. And then basically A, here's, here's what you can do. And then, if people actually follow it. Then they get paid.
Bob Moesta: I can't remember. I'll look. I'll look it up. I'll figure it out. My son actually found it.
Jennifer Loh: Send it our way. We'd love to.
Bob Moesta: It might not still be around. But like it was this place where you'd like you'd go to any small town and go like, okay, what's what can we do here? And they'd have, like some local who basically said, here, like, if you want to basically do the pub crawl, here's the pub crawl. You do right.
Jennifer Loh: Yeah, yeah.
Lilliana Robinson: Can I pause? Really quick? Neil wants to add something I see is handed up.
NSG: Just to give a little bit of context here, Bob, J. Lo's business like scared the crap out of me, and I think you know why. So all I've seen
NSG: like travel companies on the surface, like what she described in every single application cycle. And over the past 10 years of my life working with entrepreneurs. So it's a scary business, however, what I trusted was their team and their ability to like. Be honest, once they found out the truth of what's really going on with who they're talking to. So given your experience, seeing so many of these cause, I know we all. I know Troy probably sees a ton, too. We all do
NSG: any like
NSG: final tips on how they can stay alive despite the red ocean that they they're swimming in.
Bob Moesta: Yes, So
Bob Moesta: there's a couple one is to realize is is things like sustainability
Bob Moesta: are a feature
Bob Moesta: they're not a reason to buy.
Bob Moesta: So you have to like. This is where you want it to be. The feet you want it to be the reason to buy. But it's literally like, if I have all things equal, and this one's more sustainable, I'll pick it. But the fact is, it has to be a good value prop on all the other dimensions. So I would be careful around talking about sustainable and all those things, because at some point time you gotta know that trade off of like. When are they willing to say no, I don't wanna be that far off the beaten path, cause I feel insecure.
Bob Moesta: Sustainability is one of those things that everybody says, but when you ask them about it they have no real definition of what it means.
Bob Moesta: So be careful that it's like one of those things you can. It's a rabbit hole you can spend a thousand hours on and get nowhere with it. So I would. I would. I would literally focus on on the outcomes that people want on these trips, and then figuring out how the best way in which to kind of
Bob Moesta: help them decide to to do that because some people want it all done for them and other people wanna figure it out. And that's where you actually need to kind of separate the difference between people who wanna figure it out. Because again, I was shocked at the number of people who literally wanted to do the planning because they felt like it was they were in control, and it was creative. It was a very so. Part of it. Is you taking all the work out of it will actually make it worse. So you gotta actually figure out the work they wanna do.
Jennifer Loh: Oh, interesting. So when we launched this new service through Traverse, we're calling them Travaris trips.
Jennifer Loh: We have 3 tiers. One is $99 for just personal Recs. So we ask them why they're going. What do they wanna achieve out of their trip? And then we we curate some recommendations that they can then book on their own and then, obviously, when they book those experiences, some of those things have kicked backs to us. And so we have 2 revenue streams. The second one is an upgrade to that. So people that are like. I want you to figure it out for me, but I actually
Jennifer Loh: want to book it on my own. And so we'll build those itineraries for them. It's $250 and then they can then book whatever they want.
Bob Moesta: Yeah, I think that's a great thing, because at some point they somehow they want control, like they they in some cases they might. They'll say they're afraid of giving you your credit card, for example, or whatever. And the thing is, is the rails like they wanna book it themselves, cause they wanna play the flight game.
Jennifer Loh: Yes.
Bob Moesta: Where can I get a cheaper? Oh, I can do it this way. Oh, I'm gonna I'm gonna go with Hedge this thing. I'm gonna watch the pricing. And you know I gotta die. I mean, like all that stuff. But that's part of what they're really thinking about.
Jennifer Loh: Right? Yeah, that's absolutely true. I mean, one of the people we interviewed booked through a travel agent, but she wanted to do her flights on her own specifically cause. She was like, well, I feel like I could save it a few $100 there, and it's so crazy because her her trip through the travel agent was like $12,000. So it's like you want some you wanna save like 2 or $300 on a flight.
Jennifer Loh: But then, ultimately, your whole trip is $12,000.
Jennifer Loh: It's not that much of a yeah.
Jennifer Loh: people. Yeah.
Bob Moesta: Other thing is, is people. At least, I'll just give you my 2 cents is that people talk about being frugal. But it's really not about being frugal. It's about them feeling pride in how they buy.
Bob Moesta: And so what you realize is that somebody will say, Oh, yeah, I got the cheapest flight to the thing. I still spent $18,000 on the on the trip, but I got the best flight. You don't mean like what what's going on here. And so you just start to realize it's very
Bob Moesta: It's like, there's a lot of irrational behavior in it. And you've got to be able to focus on what people do versus what they say.
Jennifer Loh: Hmm, okay.
Jennifer Loh: so interesting. Yeah, that's also some findings, that we we saw like this time value of money, it's not even about like people will say they want to be cheap.
Jennifer Loh: or they want the cheapest thing. But really they just want the thing that has the most value for the thing that they want to do.
Jennifer Loh: which, yeah, it's not about being frugal.
Jennifer Loh: Okay.
Bob Moesta: I don't know.
Lilliana Robinson: Final question, Jayla.
Lilliana Robinson: before we move on.
Bob Moesta: But wait, I have. I have 2 people for you to look up and just kind of follow, who are really good, who are really good jobs people in our. So one is that, is that a company called going. It used to be Scott's cheap flights.
Jennifer Loh: Yes.
Bob Moesta: And so David Corell is a he's a Chicago guy, and I know him very, very well. He used to be@cars.com. He went in as head of product there, and he's revamping the entire thing. So if you just read their story, follow David Corell. you'll you'll see what's going on there. And then there's another guy. His name is Andreas, Beta Court, and BEAB, ETAN. COUR. T. And he's with a company called Traveljoy.
Bob Moesta: And travel joy is is is kind of trying to be the same kind of thing. And it's not not that, not not that you need to copy them, but to realize, like to see other people who understand jobs in the market, and how they actually position themselves because they're doing a really good job. Both of them are doing a good job in the travel space.
Jennifer Loh: Awesome. Thank you so much. This is great.
Lilliana Robinson: Thanks, Jay, this is really cool, and for everyone listening, I hope this is super helpful to you guys as well, because everything Bob is saying, is applicable to everybody here.
Bob Moesta: So here is an.
Lilliana Robinson: Because I'm.
Bob Moesta: A quick break for a minute and listen. And they ask people like, what have they learned from the 2 conversations we've had.
Lilliana Robinson: Love that I love that.
Lilliana Robinson: Raise your hand, guys, I'll call on you.
Bob Moesta: Anybody learn anything.
Bob Moesta: It's not good. If you didn't learn anything, then I'm just gonna hang up.
Lilliana Robinson: Yes.
Felipe - Gohaus: Here. Hi, everyone quickly. I just write down because I I have a different business. I'm more in decoration and design with the platform that we integrate with the retailers.
Bob Moesta: Yes.
Felipe - Gohaus: And but what you were discussing with J. Lo! It was like.
Felipe - Gohaus: first create a category that that's something like truly to think on. Help them figure it out like
Felipe - Gohaus: not put something up like, go with them from the why, that that's something amazing. Also like, start not asking like what you want or where you want to go is they're like, why are you here?
Bob Moesta: That is right.
Felipe - Gohaus: And and we are kind of analyzing how to really develop our platform.
Felipe - Gohaus: We were. And and that's can be like the input, you know, like not saying what
Felipe - Gohaus: or saying, here is what you know. It's just saying like, here is white.
Bob Moesta: Think I'm.
Felipe - Gohaus: Amazing.
Bob Moesta: Yeah. So here, let me let me let me expound on that a little bit, which is, most people don't know what they want.
Bob Moesta: They really don't. And if you ask them they're going to make shit up.
Bob Moesta: Oh, God, it's gotta be this. It's gotta be that. And then you can say, what do you mean by that? Like? I don't know, and that that means they don't know what it is. And so part of this is, you have to realize. In in some cases you gotta provide stimulus. But what they do know is the outcomes they want. They don't know the solution, but they do know the problem and the outcomes, and so think about the outcomes. Or if they say they want a feature, it's like, what can that? What does that feature do for you
Bob Moesta: that you can't do today.
Bob Moesta: because that's really what you're going after, because there's probably 20 ways to do that feature.
Bob Moesta: not just one, and ultimately we end up copying whatever they say, and then they come back. And this is my, this is my nightmare. It happened. I literally have this reoccurring nightmare of going like. No, I didn't mean that, I'm like, Oh, shit.
Bob Moesta: you know. So this is where, again, being able to to really understand. And and the cave. I think. Jennifer Lowe basically has the opportunity to create the category because there's so much confusion in that category. And there's there's people who say they like. They don't want something, but it's exactly what they want which gives you the opportunity to create her own category. Not many categories have that ability in it.
Bob Moesta: So
Bob Moesta: thank.
Lilliana Robinson: Kevin, what about you? What did you learn.
Kelvin Alaneme: I think the most important thing I learned is when
Kelvin Alaneme: Bob said that
Kelvin Alaneme: people, if people can pay $10 for what they are afraid of. They are going to pay times 10 that amount if that is happening in reality. So my key takeaway is to drill in towards understand the fear and but also listen to what is happening in reality, because that is what the main pain point they are going to pay for.
Bob Moesta: So my example here is, I've done a lot of work in cyber security right? Trying to get people to pay for cyber security before they've been attacked. They literally are nickel and diming you. They don't really wanna spend the money. They don't really wanna do it. But after they've been attacked, they're literally willing to pay anything
Bob Moesta: right? And so this is where you have to realize is like, are you better off trying to actually help people who have already been attacked than try to literally spend your time trying to convince people that they're going to be attacked.
Lilliana Robinson: Yeah, that education piece.
Lilliana Robinson: What about you? Ally, what did you learn?
Alejandra Guillen: Yeah, a a lot that resonated 3 things when you said the pain needs to be happening. We're doing Jtb, interviews on consumers of wearables for monitoring, of stress and mental wellness. And I I've learned that that is absolutely right. People care about it when their stress doesn't let them go on with their life and pull forward like they did
Alejandra Guillen: and something that I've learned as well is that what people want is validation of their feelings. That's the outcome that they want validation, that they can regain control, that their feelings are okay and they can regain control. The other 2 things that resonated a lot about what you've been telling to Travis and club wreck. Part of the satisfaction is in figuring it out for themselves.
Bob Moesta: Yes.
Alejandra Guillen: Everybody says they want insights, but when when they use it they look at the data. So they want to figure out things themselves and kind of like build. How? How this place into their life?
Alejandra Guillen: So I think that there's a lot that we need to dig into there. And the third thing that I heard is don't price from the supply side. I've realized that because the pain is strong and it's very personal because people don't feel in control of their life. They want to. They are willing to pay anything they're like, you know. Price
Alejandra Guillen: hasn't been the the anxiety factor for for this particular space. So I think that we need to rethink our pricing from that perspective, too. So.
Bob Moesta: So the the other thing to me on that just it brings up a topic of like I've been working a lot with, not for profits, and what I tell them is like the funding is the hardest part for not for profit. And if you really wanna help a lot of people figure out the high end of the market, and then use the profits to go, help the low end of the market.
Bob Moesta: Better off building building almost like a a parallel companies, one that services and gets profit, and one that actually then distributes the profit to the low end, but trying to actually just work in the low end. You end up having to. Your customers end up being philanthropists, and and and they only fund you for anywhere from 6 to 12 months at a time, and you end up begging for money the entire time.
Bob Moesta: So if you, if you really want to help the low end of the market, there's ways to do it but you but but ultimately find people who value what you do and are willing to pay you a premium for it, so you can then go help the low end of the market.
Alejandra Guillen: Fantastic. Thank you.
Lilliana Robinson: I'm loving this participation. One more, Marcel. What did you learn.
Marisel Polanco: Thank you, Bob, for this. I was listening to what you were saying to J. Lo! And
Marisel Polanco: we haven't. We are in the restaurant space. So it's as difficult as travel, or maybe more, more, more. So. I I I've sympathized with that. So we hear we our interviews where we we've struggled even who to interview so our next thing is gonna be interviewing the users, which is technically the staff that are gonna be using our
Marisel Polanco: product. And the one thing that we keep hearing from the restaurant owners that technically are not going to be using the system is that they want people to come back to the restaurant.
Marisel Polanco: and they are using different systems to keep track of behavior. But at the end of the day they don't know what to do with it. They don't know how to use it. They don't, they? They don't know they how. And we've been struggling all this time.
Marisel Polanco: Building our product and our business model. And it's just something
Marisel Polanco: click today in like, yeah. But they don't know how.
Bob Moesta: That's right.
Marisel Polanco: You don't know.
Bob Moesta: So part.
Marisel Polanco: So Ellen.
Bob Moesta: How to help them figure out how, and at the same time make sure that you get the insights, because a lot of people make them work so hard for the insights that they can't do it, that you could literally be a layer on top of all these other platforms that get this information and literally aggregate it to then tell them what to do.
Bob Moesta: because nobody wants to tell them what to do, and they don't have the time to do the insights.
Marisel Polanco: Exactly. Yeah.
Bob Moesta: Awesome. Thank you.
Marisel Polanco: You.
Bob Moesta: So just. Just to build on that. One thing, though, is when you have users and you have
Bob Moesta: buyers, you actually have to do 2 sets of interviews if they're not so like in the travel business. Usually the buyer is the user. So it's actually a very simple set of interviews, or it's one set of interviews. But if I have a buyer, I actually have to think about what the buyer wants and what the user wants. And I have to almost negotiate between. So my stupid example is, I work for Mattel, and if I, if I built the toys that parents wanted, kids, would never use it.
Bob Moesta: and if I built the toys that kids wanted, parents would never buy it. So I had to end up. Figure out how to negotiate between the parent and the child.
Bob Moesta: What was that? What's the Venn diagram overlap where I can actually start to build something that they'll both appreciate? Because if I could do that, I could never build a toy that worked.
Lilliana Robinson: That's such a good example. I'm gonna use that as a to explain that cause. A lot of founders have that issue.
Bob Moesta: Yeah, yeah.
Lilliana Robinson: Customers and users.
Bob Moesta: That's right. And so you end up being the therapist between the founders and user. And you have to realize like, so for me, I started out by building for users, and I could get nobody to buy it. And then I started to build for the buyers, and then I realized the users were were not being able to like. If they didn't like it, they'd actually get us thrown out. So you have to design for both. That's just the the
Bob Moesta: that's the the table stakes for being in the B 2 B business.
Lilliana Robinson: Okay, cool. I loved that intermission. I picked one more company for you, and then we'll do jump on and let other people jump in so, Cicada Mircha will. We'll do like 10 or 15 min for you, Mircha. But why don't you tell Bob what you're working on? What you learned in Jtbd. This company was a standout with their why behind the Y. So I'm really excited for you to dig in.
Mircea Gogoncea: So much, Liliana, for the introduction, and Bob for being here. I think your book changed our lives.
Mircea Gogoncea: So yeah, thank you for that. So we help musicians make more money from live gigs. We provide them with QR. Codes or tapable cards like that that they can bring to their performances. And when their audience scans those they can transact for products and services, or they can engage with interactive media, they can do all kinds of things. So we combine monetization features with interactive media features. To increase earnings and live music.
Mircea Gogoncea: We've had an incredible set of learnings from these interviews that we did so. We started out interviewing musicians because we are musicians, and we built this tool for musicians.
Mircea Gogoncea: and we had a lot of trouble talking to musicians about monetization. Phillips, hey.
Bob Moesta: They didn't work.
Mircea Gogoncea: Guys.
Bob Moesta: Exactly.
Mircea Gogoncea: Yeah, exactly. And we realized that beyond a certain level of performances per month or per year, all of these artists have managers, and the managers are the buyers. Exactly what you're talking about, even if the listener that's it.
Bob Moesta: To be honest, the musicians actually have virtually nothing to do with this process.
Mircea Gogoncea: Exactly right.
Bob Moesta: They're the content behind it. But ultimately, who buys the system and who buys the stuff?
Bob Moesta: Musicians are just merely like content that goes inside all of this.
Mircea Gogoncea: That's exactly right. And we noticed exactly what you mentioned. Yes, the buyer, the manager needs to sell it to the musician, so it needs to be acceptable to the musician in the same way that the Barbie doll needs to be acceptable. But beyond that the actual choice is taken by the manager, the purchasing.
Bob Moesta: The other. The other thing is, you might have to help the the manager sell it to him. So my thing is is, you might actually figure out ways that people have successfully sold it to others, and then literally build a template to help show the other managers how to sell others.
Mircea Gogoncea: That's incredible. And we have not done that. Then we should absolutely do that. Yeah, so we started interviewing managers next after we interviewed the musicians and boy. The gates of heaven opened.
Bob Moesta: Right.
Mircea Gogoncea: Where we were struggling to get anybody to talk to us from the musicians. The managers are like signing up for interviews in droves, and super excited to talk to us about monetization.
Bob Moesta: Here's the thing is, they struggle with a lot of things. So the thing I would be careful about, and and to be honest is that you might actually, in this process find
Bob Moesta: 2 or 3 other things to go build, because managers of musicians are as disorganized as the musicians, but the same time they they have responsibility to deliver. And so there's a there's some that are very organized. But most of them aren't. They're like they're the Roadie, who basically can't play, but wants to be part of something. And I mean they're just they come from other places. And so to realize, like, these people have a lot of struggling moments, and there might be a lot of things you can do to help them. Besides, just this.
Mircea Gogoncea: That's exactly right. And that's exactly what we noticed. So we interviewed a few of them. We got 10 Jtb. Statements out of 7 interviews because some of them do multiple things and they sign up for multiple competing products recently. And we've been starting to cluster them into groups. And we're in the process of interviewing even more, because this is still not conclusive at this point. And if that's okay with you, I could share my screen and show you what we found so far.
Bob Moesta: Is this?
Mircea Gogoncea: Okay? So for monetization purposes, at the moment we see 3 clusters we see merch, which is 4 people. Well, 4 statements by far the most used tool that people have to make more money from live gigs. Secondly, we saw we see data which is coded in red. It's a lay low and set dot live that these people have used. They are both data collection tools from the audience. So basically a way for them
Mircea Gogoncea: to get everybody's contact details to sell to them later. And lastly, we found people that adopted new monetization pathways by just adding new payment methods. I think this is the least relevant for us, because we're never going to compete with venmo, I think. Anyway. So in March we did some clustering and clearly the forcing function for everybody is that the concert is coming up or a tour is coming up.
Mircea Gogoncea: and they need more merch for some reason, either because the quality is bad or because they need to diversify, or because the branding is bad doesn't fit the band anymore. And so they find the better manufacturing partner that can give them better merch that creates a cohesive brand for the band so they can make money and raise the profile of the band. Let me come back to this in a second, because it's a little bit.
Bob Moesta: So let me.
Mircea Gogoncea: Complicated. Let me just.
Bob Moesta: Let me just give you. What comes to mind here is the fact I would think about actually, can you go, partner, with the manufacturing partners. Because my belief is that that there's a very consolidated group of people who do the merch that you could actually, you could actually partner with the Merch people and literally be able, say, like this becomes something that they get with with the merch they buy from that that place. So now you don't have to sell yourself the manager, you basically, as they look for merge, this becomes a feature to the merch vendor
Bob Moesta: that literally, that enables you to kind of be there and do everything. So it's you're now a more complete solution as opposed to being a feature, or, you know, trying to actually connect with all these other things cause you could literally get you could get to all that stuff. So nobody gets a T-shirt at the concert. They get the T-shirt shipped to them. And it's there tomorrow.
Mircea Gogoncea: Okay? So we do that. So we integrate right now with a merch on demand manufacturer called printful. And that's what we offer. That's a core part of what we offer is when you go to a cicada store here. You can buy merch on demand. I just did a demo with a potential customer right before this. So this is all merge that we've added to the store in collaboration with this with this merge manufacturer. The problem is, in this space.
Mircea Gogoncea: We are not the merge manufacturer, as you say, so we don't control. If the quality is good. If the shipment arrives on time.
Bob Moesta: I've
Mircea Gogoncea: So we don't actually solve the problem. So we don't solve the problem at the moment.
Bob Moesta: Yeah.
Mircea Gogoncea: About that we need that they need better quality, or it needs to fit their identity or whatever. The only problem we solve is integration between the merch on demand platform and selling it at the gig.
Bob Moesta: Right. But this might be. The the problem is that they see the problem bigger than you see. The problem.
Mircea Gogoncea: Right.
Bob Moesta: And they're looking to buy something that is actually a complete solution. And you're selling them only a piece of the solution.
Bob Moesta: And so you have. You have to be careful there, because if they, if it becomes too hard to integrate the solution on their own, they won't do it.
Mircea Gogoncea: Right? So you're we are selling a complete solution at the moment we we sell them this store that has all of their things on lessons and stuff. And it has tipping. And it has the set list. And it has music videos. And it has a bunch of stuff. It's actually, if anything, a little too disorganized because there's too much going on. So what we're trying to do is specifically to figure out what to prioritize first and what our killer benefit is that we're offering them and integration of one in all in one solution could be it? But that's a difficult proposition, because.
Bob Moesta: And.
Mircea Gogoncea: Means we.
Bob Moesta: And develop.
Mircea Gogoncea: Lunch.
Bob Moesta: But this is where, like I said, you'll end up selling to merch people as opposed to selling to to bands and managers. But the other part is by you, knowing the bands and managers. You're gonna help the merch people sell.
Mircea Gogoncea: That's incredible. And we've never thought about approaching the merge people themselves as customers. So this is incredible. This is whole new. A whole new concept has been has been open through this. Absolutely incredible.
Mircea Gogoncea: If you want, I'll spend a few seconds talking about the other clusters. So the audience data is a big problem. Basically, musicians don't control the tickets usually. And so they don't have a way to connect to the audience after. But those people that have listened to them are usually their most dedicated fans, or the people who are most likely to buy their stuff.
Mircea Gogoncea: The main thing that people do here is they engage, they. They use all sorts of texting solutions to get people's phone numbers to build phone lists together with mailing lists. This is a crowded space, I must say. Must say this is a crowded space. I'm I'm a little wary of building. In this space. We have a mailing list feature already on our application, which is this year. They can provide incentives for people to sign up with their mailing.
Bob Moesta: I would tell them.
Mircea Gogoncea: Number. Yeah, I.
Bob Moesta: Would tell you to stay away from email. I would just do everything. Text like the work that I've been doing lately is like.
Bob Moesta: email is is is close to like. Almost everybody is on the verge of declaring email bankruptcy, like, I've got too many email. I don't know what to do with it all? Where do I? How do I manage it? But text are are one of those things. They're small, and they're short enough. And if I really want it, I'm just gonna click it. And I'm just gonna go. It's like I'm gonna do it in the moment. And so then the ex. The execution is like, Oh, they got a concert coming up. Where is it? Okay? Or like, you know, it's like something where it's the text is way, way smaller and and faster for everybody.
Mircea Gogoncea: Yeah, so yeah, so we have, we have a texting. Just like, you know, this specific concert here happens to have an email field. But.
Bob Moesta: Yeah.
Mircea Gogoncea: Text instead, and and yeah. So that's so. So they are trying to get everybody's data and segmented by concert because they don't wanna advertise to the people in Las Vegas if they're paying in playing in New York. So that's a that's a real. That's a real problem that they have. There are solutions here that I'm not sure we can compete with. But there, there are. There are solutions.
Bob Moesta: So let me. So I just want to go back your, your, your structure. You have.
Mircea Gogoncea: Yes.
Bob Moesta: You have when want to, and so that
Bob Moesta: I would say, fun
Bob Moesta: struggling with
Bob Moesta: I need what I need, so it's the like to make sure that that struggling moment is caused. It's the struggling moment is on top of the context, like, I have a constant coming up. I have this. But that's struggling moments. I'm trouble adding enough to get to my new context, to the mailing list like, that's that's what they're struggling. Yeah. So yeah, that's the that's the reason to buy.
Mircea Gogoncea: Right? So cut, cut the other stuff out, basically.
Bob Moesta: Right? So I would. I would break that one out a little bit. And then, you know, I want to. Basically, it's like the role the solution plays. It's like, what's the what's the role the solution plays so they can do what? So it's.
Mircea Gogoncea: Advance fans quickly through the engagement that basic yeah. And so they can sell to them. Yeah, yeah, exactly. So so that's one thing, and then the the payment method stuff is, I don't think we can touch that. It's well, we want to not leave any money on the table when I'm at the gig, and then not everybody has cash. I let people buy through venmo because everybody has.
Bob Moesta: Let's let them have it, I'd say, let them have it bigger, the bigger the bigger like. Again. I think you kind of people will naturally pull you into those things when you establish a a beach head on the merch in the audience data side.
Bob Moesta: Hey, help me with venmo like, can you help me? Because the problem with venmo is just the the the, the fees, right? So there's a lot of other solutions you can actually come up with. So they actually save money. But it doesn't make sense to do anything with that. First. It's almost something you wanna do like, you know, phase 2 or later down the line.
Mircea Gogoncea: Yeah, that's exactly what we thought. So that's incredible validation. Thank you so much. So what we're trying to figure out right now, the main question we have is, we have a product that is honestly, very chaotic. We do 17 things, some of them good, some of them kind of okay? And we don't have the resources in the team to build it out to do all 17 things great. And so the integration feature is not
Mircea Gogoncea: is not awesome. But that's kind of the main thing that we offer at the moment. So we've noticed this disconnect in the between what we have and what we, what we need.
Bob Moesta: So 1 one way to fix the the chaos is to actually focus on the specific job. So do instead of having one platform that does it all. Think of them as you have products that fit on the platform. So I have a merge product. I have an audience product. I have a a, a payment if a product, but it's all on the same platform. And then you can start to build some organization around that based on what they're trying to do.
Mircea Gogoncea: That's amazing. Yeah. Yeah. So they could be personas, basically depending on what they're trying to do.
Bob Moesta: But so like in intercom. What we realized is like, are you trying to, you know, convert people? Or are you trying to engage people 2 completely different things. And you start to realize, like, though the Platform could do it, all
Bob Moesta: the process to help people convert is very different than the process to help people engage. And so they just literally turn features off and said, If you're trying to engage, here's the stuff you do, and if you're you're trying to actually convert. And then then here's the stuff you do. And so it's it's it's letting the the like. That first screen. Let people know what what are you trying to do? And then basically, then take them into the process.
Mircea Gogoncea: Amazing, amazing. And and you know, for for prioritization prioritization purposes, what we're trying to figure out is whether we should try to
Mircea Gogoncea: improve their sales on existing channels that they know like merge. Should we help them sell more merch by offering diversity, or on demand, or whatever it is that we offer a customization? Or should we try to create a new pathway for them to make money from concert? So we we offer, among other things, things like the ability for them to make a paid song request, or a paid dedication.
Mircea Gogoncea: These products could be built out into more fully fleshed out solutions as a call and products inside a platform. But we're not sure. Should we focus on the less tested waters of song dedications and paid requests, and all of that which could open up new avenues for the customers to make money? Or should we focus on improving the existing
Mircea Gogoncea: products which are merch and tipping and stuff to help them figure that out. Better.
Bob Moesta: So. So I have a very I have a very I have a view on this. And so one of the things I would tell you, is fix the problems they have, because that's what they can relate to the most. And then, once you build their trust, you can add these other features in to do these other things. You! You might be able to get some some beachhead by by doing some of those other features. But I I feel like at some point in time. If we're really trying to get down to what helping people
Bob Moesta: either make more money or save more money. We wanna be in that space first and really show that we can do that. And once we have loyalty, we can add a bunch of other features. This is where I try to say, how do we make it? As simple as possible to a problem that is is as explicit as possible, and once you have that that attention, then you can start to introduce like, oh, would you like to do a dedications? Would you like to do a custom song, would you? And it's like some people would, would, might love all that. But the thing is, I think, trying to get the musicians.
Bob Moesta: the musicians attention to those things. They're gonna basically be feel distracted as artists to be. And so I would actually put that as like kind of phase, 2 of stuff we can go, do.
Mircea Gogoncea: Yeah, yeah, I understand perfectly focus on the most acute variant of the of the need and how they experience it. The customer.
Bob Moesta: That's right.
Lilliana Robinson: Any final question. Mitchell.
Mircea Gogoncea: can we? How can how can.
Bob Moesta: More time.
Mircea Gogoncea: Yeah, how can how can we do this again after we've done a bunch? A bunch more interviews.
Bob Moesta: Go through Liliana and and Neil, and they'll set it up.
Mircea Gogoncea: Amazing. That's.
Lilliana Robinson: Very generous about.
Bob Moesta: Yeah, when I do this, I wanna make sure that I have 2 or 3 other companies like that do it simultaneously. So cause you'll learn from other people like people are learning from you right now. And so this, that having at least 3 other companies or 2 other companies, so it's 3 of you in an hour is very useful.
Bob Moesta: Because, yeah.
Lilliana Robinson: It's a.
Mircea Gogoncea: I sell, I would sell a good portion of my soul for that. So thank you.
Bob Moesta: Yeah.
Lilliana Robinson: So build a coalition reach out. Come to me with a group and we can set it up. Okay, guys, we're gonna do a lightning round. We have 23 min left. So intro your company briefly. And then ask one question, so we'll go by raised hands. It looks like the classroom has a raised hand. I think that's for Richelle. Right of pair anything.
Lilliana Robinson: Go ahead and unmute.
Techstars Oakland Office: So it's on the venue.
Techstars Oakland Office: Okay? Hello.
Techstars Oakland Office: but we're shuffling
Techstars Oakland Office: much for you.
Techstars Oakland Office: So we provide food and wine pairings for retailers. So we help shoppers,
Techstars Oakland Office: you know. Decide on what wire divide, based on, like, what pairs of the dinner, and then we also help retail to increase sales basis on that so we did jobs to be done with 5 directors and adult beverage. So these are adult beverage managers in the store.
Techstars Oakland Office: Yep. And
Techstars Oakland Office: we kind of.
Bob Moesta: Like in total wine, or places like that.
Techstars Oakland Office: In places that sell food and wine, so grocery.
Bob Moesta: Got it. So these these are the Somaliers, or somebody who's in charge of basically buying the wine to match it with whatever the chef is building or crazy.
Techstars Oakland Office: They? They manage the wine students who actually work on the floor to stock things. So they're kind of like the managers of those 4 employees.
Techstars Oakland Office: Okay?
Techstars Oakland Office: but I'm a little stuck because based on those interviews, I feel like it's not aligned. So much so, for example, we learned like
Techstars Oakland Office: when they get promoted they are expected to live up to the predecessor's experience, or they and a lot of that stuff that they don't like about the predecessor.
Techstars Oakland Office: and so they want to push their own plans to raise sales and customers that they could tell us that they don't want to rely on it or anyone else, so that they're treated with the same respect from their leadership compared to the other categories, and so like food and sizes.
Bob Moesta: Yeah. So so
Bob Moesta: I gotta think about like the the. So off off the like off the top of my head as looking at. This is like these people are in the thick of it, and they have a thousand other responsibilities besides just the the alcohol right? And so they're they're doing personnel. They're doing all these other things correct, or is that not true?
Techstars Oakland Office: Yeah. So it's funny. They literally said he's like he bought this competitor of us, which is adding wine employee training. Right? He bought that because it lets me get to my core job, which is pricing the assortment like he's very obsessed with, like the pricing of each bottle and all that.
Bob Moesta: And so and so ultimately, it's like what like.
Bob Moesta: just want to make sure I have this right. This is like somebody who's now in charge of a restaurant, the fact, or basically a
Bob Moesta: yeah, it's an assistant manager, or are they a manager? Are they the manager, their assistant manager? Right? Because they're they're they're part of it. But they're not the one who's in charge of everything right.
Techstars Oakland Office: Yeah. So the directors, with all beverage in a target, for example, or whole foods, they still have a boss above them, called like Eps sales actually decides the budget. And then they tell them like, Hey, how much I'm gonna give you to like. Try to fix.
Bob Moesta: Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. So this is, this is for these are for
Bob Moesta: mostly for for grocery stores and and places where they have food or cell food, but it's is it? Also for restaurants, or just big box retailers?
Techstars Oakland Office: So for now we're focused on large retailers or sorry small regional retailers. We have a proof point with target but target outsources. So marketing agency. So we we're we're starting to focus on
Techstars Oakland Office: regional retailers that have their marketing in-house.
Bob Moesta: Right.
Bob Moesta: and they're but they're and to make sure that they they sell both alcohol and food they have to sell both.
Techstars Oakland Office: Right, and and we have a a wine recommender as a service that we could do both.
Techstars Oakland Office: because, as you know, when you go to any alcohol aisle. It's confusing, especially for new consumers. They, you know, they don't know how to navigate, and so we help them navigate that. And if if you know, we heard from the grocery stores that if there's wine in the basket, it increases the spend by up to 65. So that that's what we're
Techstars Oakland Office: That's the value that we bring.
Bob Moesta: Yeah. So so
Bob Moesta: I gotta I gotta think about so part of me is is
Bob Moesta: so I have a stupid analogy. But it's like, so I've done a lot of work in education.
Bob Moesta: And if I ask
Bob Moesta: teachers, what are their struggling moments? The innovations I come up with is a homework checker and a lesson, planner. And but it doesn't help the the students actually learn any better or any faster. And so it turns out that you end up talking to the wrong person. You end up innovating around the wrong stuff.
Bob Moesta: And so to me, is there a struggling moment about people wanting to find the pairing of stuff, or is it? Is it? Is it so at the end, consumer side? Or is it literally just to make sure that I can move the wine that I've got
Bob Moesta: right, because ultimately they're they make a bad decision. They got to put it in the bin and the bin, basically like they have to write all that off
Bob Moesta: right. You're trying to help them reduce the
Bob Moesta: the, the, the
Bob Moesta: the turnover in the bin, more or less. Right.
Bob Moesta: Neil? Where's Neil?
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Here.
Bob Moesta: Neil, as this is the first time I've been stumped. This is really like I have not like I I can't.
Bob Moesta: because so let me. Let me just tell you why I'm stuck is that
Bob Moesta: these people are literally sandwiched between customers and and management.
Bob Moesta: Yeah, and they're they're stuck in the supply side, and they have a struggling moment. But the reality is like
Bob Moesta: it. It's like solving that struggling moment for them doesn't really help the consumer. That much right. And and ultimately, if I help the consumer, I can help them. But I I just like I'm not sure how much people are struggling with pairing right
Bob Moesta: or explicitly with pairing. And so part of it is is it's more of a merchandising
Bob Moesta: tool to help me make sure that the wine I buy I can sell.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Correct. Yeah. So so, yeah, I think that like, what we've talked about with Perry thing is the main. The main draw here is like very, very like
Neal Sáles-Griffin: crudely.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: By using pair anything you will sell more wine
Neal Sáles-Griffin: like. Very, very simple. And and then like, that's that's like the dead, like the dead, honest truth. There's not a lot of upside on the consumer end.
Bob Moesta: Yeah, yeah, this is just an efficient innovation to make sure that I can actually the wine I buy, I can discount less.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: 100%.
Bob Moesta: But guys.
Techstars Oakland Office: Yes, and alcohol is is a very high margin. It's the highest margin for any alcohol beverage, so there's motivation there.
Techstars Oakland Office: So so.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Pair pare anything thing just like a fun anecdote. Just so, you know, last time I was in Detroit in that office where Bob is right now. I was taking a call, and it was like 2 30 in the afternoon, and I'm in the middle of the call, and then Bob barges in the room with 2 glasses of wine, and he hands me one of them on the call, and I'm sitting here drinking wine in a meeting with Bob, so he's he's a fan of what it is you're trying to name.
Bob Moesta: The thing is, is I. I am a very big wine kind of sewer, and I'm just try. And I know the people. I know exactly who you're talking about. It's just that they're they're they've got so many different things. And ultimately, in most retailers they have a category captain, for like laundry, and for, you know, condiments, etc. But they don't usually have a Ca, a category captain for wine, because there's nobody who can run the entire category. So they like to your point. They outsource it to a agency of some sort. Right?
Bob Moesta: So the the one thing I I like given the problem you're talking about. There's like 2 places I would go look at to begin. One would be Wegmans. I don't know if you're familiar with Wegmans. It's probably one of the smartest retailers in the world to me.
Bob Moesta: and just know everything about it, and to to
Bob Moesta: get one of those people who run a wegmans, and how they? Because they do wine tasting, they do wine paring. They do like all of that stuff, live in the store
Bob Moesta: right?
Bob Moesta: And just to be honest, it might be worth a trip. That that's how important. I think it's it's that it's that important. The other one would be total wine, because total wine is actually trying to pair wines without actually, you know, knowing the food.
Bob Moesta: And so how do they train those their floor people to actually help with the with wine and like, actually make those trade offs. And so ultimately understanding those struggling moments wrapped around. Because it's almost like you want to take those 2, those 2 people would be what I consider kind of like the the successful people doing something like this and say, Alright, now, how do I bring it to everybody else?
Techstars Oakland Office: Got it? Yeah.
Bob Moesta: Right? Does that make sense? Because it's it's just it's it's
Bob Moesta: it's, how do I say from my perspective? It's so so focused on the food and beverage manager. And they're such. They're they're a small part of that bigger system that they usually don't have money to buy things. And they, if anything, it's all about product, and they don't. They? They know their discounts, but they have a hard time buying things
Bob Moesta: to stop the discounting, because it's kind of like I got to spend, you know, 50 grand to save me 200 grand like like, and I don't know I'm going to do that they? They're not risk takers like that.
Bob Moesta: So that's why I'm a little perplexed by it. But it doesn't. It doesn't mean you can't figure out the struggling moments wrapped around it. But it it might not be this specific one. I would actually do a little bit more as you talk to these people. What else do they struggle with as opposed to leading with your product, leading with what are the top? 3 things that if you could fix would make your life way easier.
Bob Moesta: right? And you might be able to twist it into what you're doing. But my belief is you gotta get you've got to actually understand their strugg, their true, struggling moments, that they're willing to fight for something to get it in.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Yep. So Bob, I'm gonna I'm gonna jump in because I I think we have to put a PIN on this one, unfortunately. And we have. I want you get at least 3 more looks, because we have 3 hands up, and we'll see if we can seek anything else in. But.
Bob Moesta: But we're.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Super tight.
Bob Moesta: Back to it. It's just it's it's a tough. It's a very tough one from my perspective.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: That's a tough one. Yeah, yeah.
Techstars Oakland Office: Thank you so much.
Lilliana Robinson: Phone.
Bob Moesta: I'm not saying you're wrong. I'm just saying I haven't seen it, and I just in my mind it's a very hard. It's a hard lift.
Lilliana Robinson: Okay, let's do like 3 min per. Let's just do really rapid fire snow. Go ahead.
Bob Moesta: Can't. I can't go that fast.
Lilliana Robinson: No, I'm telling the founders to be fast, Bob, you are good.
Bob Moesta: Okay.
Snow Lee / Runbear: Let me try.
Bob Moesta: Go, go.
Snow Lee / Runbear: Hi, Bob, yeah, I'm so from Rumba, and that we help customers selecting engineering resources with enhancing their workflows
Snow Lee / Runbear: by enabling custom check Gpt in their communication platforms like slack Microsoft teams or Hubspot.
Bob Moesta: Time.
Snow Lee / Runbear: Yeah. So before the Jtbd, our major audience, my major major customers, we thought that it was engineers. So we considered it as a functional functionality. But after having the Jtbd interview, it turned out that that the leaders, executives.
Bob Moesta: Yes.
Snow Lee / Runbear: Have who has not enough engineering resources in the company. But they
Snow Lee / Runbear: stumbled on the the cutting edge technology the Lm apps. And then they want to use it in their company.
Snow Lee / Runbear: They want to. They want their staffs, their employees actually use that kind of technologies to stay competitive.
Bob Moesta: Yep.
Snow Lee / Runbear: So that that is what we found. So my question is that I have actually I have 2. But let me go with one.
Bob Moesta: Go ahead. Yeah.
Snow Lee / Runbear: So
Snow Lee / Runbear: I have concern that
Snow Lee / Runbear: this is not the hair on fire. I mean, it's not because they are they. They don't face the problem. Already. They stumbled on the new technology, and they had some idea and they have some problem adopting it.
Snow Lee / Runbear: I I'm not sure if it last, if it.
Bob Moesta: Is really.
Snow Lee / Runbear: Spot.
Bob Moesta: Yeah, yeah. So so part of this is. So I've done a lot of work in the kind of engineering resource space, right? And what what I'll what I'll say is that in some cases
Bob Moesta: one of the reasons to buy a new solution is, the fact is, is, you can onboard people faster
Bob Moesta: than other people, because Chat, the Chat Gpt can help. These engineers become productive like new engineers, can become more productive, faster.
Bob Moesta: right? And so the chat gpt is is like that. They're they to be asked. They don't care about the AI they care about like, how do you make sure that somebody who's come on board. I don't have to spend 3 months or 5 months to get them up to speed. They can literally ask the questions instead of cause. Here's the thing is, most people don't know what to do in their first couple of days, and so they have a manager. Somebody look behind them. But if you could actually use the the
Bob Moesta: the the Llm. To basically be the surrogate version of the manager. Now, all of a sudden, you're not because what happens is the manager loses their productivity for trying to onboard somebody new.
Bob Moesta: So this becomes almost an onboarding tool to help me basically get my engineers up to speed, running faster. And and and, to be honest, be more cohesive. I don't think you're gonna get them to basically build it as an efficiency communication tool. But if you can spin it as like, we can help you get your new employees up to speed faster. Or we can. We can. Eliminate. Basically, the the 2 big higher and fired jobs are basically
Bob Moesta: I'm spending too much time
Bob Moesta: not doing the work doing other things. So if you can free my managers up. So like
Bob Moesta: one of the problems is is like the the really good engineers end up getting all the questions, and then they can never do the work that they should be doing.
Bob Moesta: That's actually a really big problem for most engineering organizations, because the the really good engineers get all the questions.
Snow Lee / Runbear: That's right.
Bob Moesta: Actually help build the Llm. For, like the their best engineers. So then, literally, everybody in the organization can ask the Llm. But they don't need to bother the person who's a good engineer, because a good engineer doesn't really wanna like the the struggling moments you hear is like, I'm sick of answering the same question over and over again.
Bob Moesta: Right? And so if you can, actually, you can actually record those things and literally have people ask the Llm. That then then it's it. But most people don't know even know where to look for stuff. So I I think it's that's a that's a great I I would I would look at it as a way of onboarding and scaling faster.
Snow Lee / Runbear: I get it. I, get it.
Bob Moesta: I think if you if you spin around communication, everybody knows there's a communication problem, but they can't. They can't tie it back to kind of either a productivity or a cost or or something that's there. And but if you get to onboarding like, because the onboarding is like I have, I'm paying somebody to learn, and I'm paying my most expensive person to train that person. That's just like that's a disaster.
Snow Lee / Runbear: that's right? That's right?
Bob Moesta: Am I making sense, or am I.
Lilliana Robinson: I.
Snow Lee / Runbear: Yeah, yeah, it may. It makes sense. I I have. I I'd like to check if I get it right. So
Snow Lee / Runbear: our end users. They are not engineers.
Snow Lee / Runbear: our makers. They are also not engineers, so
Snow Lee / Runbear: executives, or the the makers who don't know how to code. They wanna build some QA. Both by themselves, so that they can save their time to answer.
Bob Moesta: That's correct.
Snow Lee / Runbear: Other questions. So that you so you can, you're suggesting that it's more about the onboarding.
Bob Moesta: Yeah. So one of the things you realize is that that the engineering community is actually a very bully
Bob Moesta: type.
Bob Moesta: Culture.
Bob Moesta: like, if I'm a new engineer, and I go to my manager and say, like, I don't know how to do this. And and they said, Well, what did you try, and I tried nothing. They will literally lambast me
Bob Moesta: because I didn't try anything. And so most people have to try a bunch of things before they actually can go to their manager. And if this is the half step between it, that's a big idea.
Snow Lee / Runbear: And
Bob Moesta: Because then then the manager doesn't have to actually take the time, and they only come to him with exceptions of
Bob Moesta: of questions that have never been asked.
Bob Moesta: which is very valuable to that to the, to the manager.
Lilliana Robinson: Okay, we're gonna have to switch now. So okay, so we have 7 min left. Let's see if we can get through the last 2 that.
Snow Lee / Runbear: Very much.
Lilliana Robinson: No, thank you, Ally.
Lilliana Robinson: let's hear.
Alejandra Guillen: Bob, I'm Ali from aware. We are building the ordering for mental wellness.
Alejandra Guillen: And we we are pre product. So we are interviewing users of competitor products among others, or a ring, but specifically, who got these wearables to monitor their stress, their sleep and their mental wellbeing cause. That's what we are doing at aware we're building a a wearable for mental wellbeing and to support people who live with stress.
Alejandra Guillen: We are halfway through our Jtbd badge for these consumers, cause we started in a different line. My specific question is.
Alejandra Guillen: we started identifying 3 to 4 clusters.
Alejandra Guillen: There's a point where they start overlapping. I won't go into that. That's my second question. The clusters are the following, the first one that I think based on your advice. We we may not want to focus is people who buy these for medical reasons for sleep.
Alejandra Guillen: I found that they tend to be more sensitive to pricing because they they wanted, for specifically, you know, their condition. So maybe this is not the the target, the class that we should focus on on the other 3. I'd like your opinion on which would be the best to focus on. The first one is.
Alejandra Guillen: people who are going through changes in their lives, and they are looking for regaining control over variables that are critical. They want validation, and they won't control, because, you know, their life is moving too much. The second one is
Alejandra Guillen: the wearable geeks. People who wear one watch here, another watch here, my ring here. I love data, but I'm also very strict on the value that I get out of it. You know, I'm very technical. I dig on the on the depth of the data.
Bob Moesta: Yep.
Alejandra Guillen: And the third one is
Alejandra Guillen: people who are, you know, they want to make pragmatic adjustments, to fight stress, damage, and improve their long-term health, so they are already feeling the the pain of stress.
Bob Moesta: Yes.
Alejandra Guillen: And they are like, okay, I need to make changes. And I need to be scientific about it. I want, I want a measurement that tells me what you know, that that helps me.
Alejandra Guillen: run experiments and figure out.
Bob Moesta: I was, gonna say, that third one really fight to fight. The stress is really about help me experiment. So I can manage my own stress. And so it's really just a piece of measurement equipment to help you realize, like, what's a baseline? How do I do it? So it's not. It's not giving you the answers. It's literally giving you the the outcome. So you can actually say, Oh, when I take honey at night a spoonful of honey before that actually doubles my RAM every night. So I'm gonna take honey before I go to bed every night.
Alejandra Guillen: Right.
Bob Moesta: And so part of it is being able to do that. So the first, the the 2 things, the medical one.
Bob Moesta: the medical one, is actually an easier one than you think, because what it is is that they're trying to build a case for their doctor.
Bob Moesta: And so the reason why that they want it cheaper is because they're used to paying insurance that there they don't pay anything for their insurance. And so they they're trying to find something cheap because their doctor doesn't believe that they're not doing it. So that so they're trying to actually build the case to show their doctor so they can do something, and, like you said, it's I would not touch it. It's just it's it's very convoluted. It's very hard, and you have to marry with the medical system, which is a disaster to begin with. So I'm not gonna
Bob Moesta: the the notion of taking control and fighting stress are the 2 I would focus on the data. People are gonna drive you crazy because they don't actually know why they're collecting all the data, and when they have all the data, they then kind of make their own conclusions of it. And so you're trying to actually help them feed the beast of all this data, and it makes them feel confident. But you'll get that. You'll get that market if you do the other 2,
Bob Moesta: that people will automatically do that right. So you don't need to worry about them. And, to be honest, they're the ones who are going to bitch a lot about something, and they're never going to switch
Bob Moesta: right? So the aura, like the aura people who basically. So I worked with aura. So I know a lot about this space. And so there's these people like Ben Greenfield and all these other people who are wearing the aura ring in the early days. And everybody was actually buying the Ora ring because they wanted to be like Ben Greenfield, but they had no real other purpose to have it. Then to talk about the data.
Bob Moesta: And when you got to actually understand what they did with it, they did nothing about it. And so they're they're they're the these people who are almost like, well, if I'm really healthy I should be into my sleep. I should have some data around my sleep. But I don't really use the data to do anything. And so the the other 2 are where the value is created. When you do something with that data, that's where they're gonna value it. So I would tell you to focus on changes to get control. And I would take experimentation to help me fight stress.
Alejandra Guillen: Okay. Fun.
Lilliana Robinson: Okay, I'm gonna have to call it there.
Lilliana Robinson: That's perfect. I'm just watching the time. So we have literally probably 90 s left. That was amazing. Guys. Thank you for your participation in Bob. That was awesome. I hope everyone in the room can feel how like how many gold nuggets just came out of this conversation. I wanted to leave you with the last minute. Do you have any final thoughts or next steps for the group.
Bob Moesta: I think the the big thing is to make sure that that everything you guys have is is really focused on us. True, struggling moment
Bob Moesta: for a person. It's it's it's who, when, where, and why?
Bob Moesta: Those are the questions I want to make sure you like. If you have those 4 down, and you can tell me who, when, where, and why they need something new, and it's compelling enough.
Bob Moesta: You're going to have a hit. But if you can't answer those questions specifically and concretely enough. Then the fact is, is, you'll be found floundering for a while.
Bob Moesta: So to me, make sure that as you're getting this information, you're extracting it to who, when, where, and why.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Are you still joining us on Demo Day, Bob?
Bob Moesta: Yes, I'm gonna I'm fly. I'm planning to fly out, I think. Let me hold up.
Lilliana Robinson: Yay, Bob's got.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: In Oakland. Y'all. He wants to see you all.
Bob Moesta: If not, I'll if not, I'll come earlier. But I.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Perfect.
Bob Moesta: My calendar. It's in June. It's like June sixth.
Bob Moesta: It's amazing.
Lilliana Robinson: 38.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: May thirtieth.
Bob Moesta: May thirtieth.
Bob Moesta: Oh, I might be somewhere else now I have. Oh, there's a demo day. I see it
Bob Moesta: right now. I have a conflict, but I'll see if I can resolve it.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: I'll work on it.
Bob Moesta: There. Yep, we'll work out.
Lilliana Robinson: Go. Okay, that's awesome. Thank you.